several hundred students have gathered
there at the jangar nagar University
outskirt of the capital to protest
against the atrocities in Gaza they're
showing their solidarity with other
student all across the world protesting
the Zen generation they said we can
relate with them and we won't tolerate
this kind of Injustice in the world in
the 21st century being a part of the den
generation I think I believe that we all
extremely uh feel the emotion feel the
necessity of uh of uh what is happening
in Palestine that needs to be stopped
the genocide needs to be
stopped we organized ourselves to
protest against the genocide we are also
urging the students and everyone in
general across the world to protest
against this type of genocide and
atrocities the students are demanding an
end to the violence against the
Palestinian in Gaza and a permanent
ceasefire they're also demanding for an
independent Palestinian most of the
student we spoke to said that's not
enough been done by the UN or the world
Community to stop the atrocities in
Gaza there has been gross violations of
code of war and atrocities committed
against the Palestinians America should
stay away from supporting war crimes and
put an end to
it Bangladesh is one of the strongest
supporter of Palestinians they offer
scholarship they offer students to go to
the the military academy here it is one
of the first five country in last
November filed a formal complaint with
the international criminal code to
investigate the war of attritions
against Palestinians in Gaza we have
seen many protest in recent weeks in
across the country in different
universities and this is one of them F
chodri Al jazer
Dhaka make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer out